Relax requirements for resolvers and SvcParams (#313)
MikeBishop/dns-alt-svc: draft-ietf-dnsop-svcb-https.md

## General requirements

> Recursive resolvers MAY treat the SvcParams portion of the SVCB RR
> as opaque.  No part of this specification requires recursive resolvers
> to alter their behavior based on its contents, even if the contents are
> invalid.

Author: ```suggestion
Recursive resolvers MUST be able to convey SVCB records with unrecognized
SvcParamKeys or malformed SvcParamValues.  Resolvers MAY treat the entire
SvcParams portion of the record as opaque.  No part of this specification requires
recursive resolvers to alter their behavior based on its contents, even if the contents
are invalid.
```
